---
layout: single
title: Events
permalink: /events/
---

## Reconnecting to our Roots (2021)

The first event “*Reconnecting to our Roots*” was successfully carried out in
December-2021 with a limited group of Professionals from various backgrounds including
Research scientists, Engineers and Chartered Accountants. It was a 2-day program
covering foundational aspects of the three dimensions of Religion - Islam, Imaan, and
Ehsaan, as outlined in the famous hadith of Jibril (upon him be peace). Two primary
guest faculties namely Maulana Ziyaur Rahman Alimi and Dr. Zeeshan Ahmed Misbahi
hailing from North India associated with a renowned Islamic educational Institution
Jamia Arifia brilliantly piloted these sessions. The elite audience which also had
couple of Group discussions. Jamia Arifia (U.P India) is known for its quality
education, research works, publications and its MoU with Al-Azhar University (Cairo,
Egypt). Day-1 sessions covered Hadith-e-Jibril followed by sessions covering Imaan and
Islam. We had a fruitful session on ‘Who are Ahle Sunnah wal-Jamaat’ and an elaborate
group discussion on ‘Takfirism as a prevalent issue’. Day-2 was dedicated to Ehsaan
(i.e., Excellence), the science of Tasawwuf and Sufism vs Ritualism followed by
clarifications on doubts regarding Sufism. Managed by a handful passionate individuals,
this spiritual-intellectual journey to Islam was absolutely relished by the audience
and almost every individual experienced some share of the magnificence and enormity of
the Deen. The event was concluded with certificate distribution and an emotionally
stimulating Dua which ended on a high spiritual note, for all present.

The event has been professionally recorded and the 2-day course is readily available
for all the seekers of knowledge. “*Raah-e-IshQ…The Sufi Way*” - seeks your active
support and participation for the spread of classical Islamic sciences and
strengthening of the Prophetic Mission.
